Simplify limit of sum and product derivations (#32)
Akuli/math-derivations: content/calc/limit-props.txt

On this page, we figure out whether this and other similar things work.

## Limit of sum

Suppose that $\lim_{x \to a} f(x) = A$ and $\lim_{x \to a} g(x) = B$.

> We first explain at a high level why $\lim_{x \to a} (f(x)+g(x)) = A+B$,
> and then prove it in more detail.

Author: ```suggestion
We explain why $\lim_{x \to a} (f(x)+g(x)) = A+B$.
```

This seems doable, because we can choose the errors to be as small as we need.
Specifically, 1/4 of the length of the output interval should be small enough,
because then the two errors cannot combine to exceed half of the interval length.

asymptote:
    unitsize(3cm);

    draw((0,-2)--(0,2), arrow=Arrow(5mm));
    draw((0,-1)--(0,1), p=darkorange+7);
    dot((0,0), p=blue, L="$A+B$", align=W);
    dot((0,0.25+0.4), p=blue, L="$f(x)+g(x)$", align=W);
    draw((0.1,0)--(0.1,0.25), p=deepred+5, arrow=Arrow(3mm), L="error from $f$");
    draw((0.2,0.25)--(0.2,0.25+0.4), p=deepred+5, arrow=Arrow(3mm), L="error from $g$");

The errors can be negative too, but that doesn't matter:

asymptote:
    unitsize(3cm);

    draw((0,-2)--(0,2), arrow=Arrow(5mm));
    draw((0,-1)--(0,1), p=darkorange+7);
    dot((0,0), p=blue, L="$A+B$", align=W);
    dot((0,0.-0.4), p=blue, L="$f(x)+g(x)$", align=W);
    draw((0.1,0)--(0.1,0.25), p=deepred+5, arrow=Arrow(3mm), L=Label("error from $f$", align=NE, position=EndPoint));
    draw((0.2,0.25)--(0.2,-0.4), p=deepred+5, arrow=Arrow(3mm), L="error from $g$", align=E);

> We are now ready to prove that $\lim_{x \to a} (f(x)+g(x)) = A+B$.

Author: ```suggestion
This already seems convincing, but let's go through it again in more detail to be sure that it works.
In other words, we prove that $\lim_{x \to a} (f(x)+g(x)) = A+B$.
```

> this means that the bigger interval contains all numbers of the smaller interval.

Author: This is actually used in the boundedness page as well. Should probably move the explanation there and point to it from here
